---
layout: page
title: 2021_05_20_IntelPA_meeting
permalink: /minutes/2021_05_20_IntelPA_meeting/
---

[**<-back**](/minutes)  

# Minutes of Intel-PA group meeting (20/05/2021, 13:00 - 14:00)
next meeting: Jun/08/2021, 14:00-15:00

## Points discussed

* Xiaoxiao got video clips & training materials from another faculty

* NHSx didn't reply to our email

* NHS website has a knowledge base about diseases and their symptoms

* we currently have \~6K conversations available. However, doctor responses in them are medical suggestions rather than the desired diagnosis result. 
    * we can utilize existing data such as medical textbook or NHS website to generate data about symptom-diagnosis correspondence(perhaps manually).
    * we might also have the chance to use electronic patient data, but unlikely

## further actions

* We might have to send another email to NHSx

* potentially get someone from the medical sector to discuss

* during the week after probationary review, the students should have a meeting to discuss:
    * devising a more systematic data collection strategy, some data is enough for 1st prototype, dont get greedy.
        * manual labelling might be needed
    * start working on a model, traditional methods are OK, try whatever works to get something running.
    * update Gantt Chart to include todo till August

